About Mobiz Mobiz is an information technology firm, and we do three things exceptionally well: cloud and network automation, digital transformation, and data protection. Double-digit growth year-over-year has driven us to grow our team and ensure we stay ahead of the curve. What Can You Expect? Every day at Mobiz we work with a deep sense of purpose. We continuously innovate. Our mission is to empower our clients to do more through transformation.  You’ll work in a collaborative environment alongside highly talented people that improve client operations and exceed expectations.  We strive to simplify technology challenges, and no less. Who Are We Looking For? We are seeking a skilled Database Administrator (DBA) to manage and maintain the company's and clients' MS SQL Server database systems. This includes database migrations, backups, performance tuning, capacity planning, monitoring critical events, and maintaining documentation. You will be part of an internal/external database administration team and collaborate with helpdesk agents to ensure smooth communication during database-related events, such as outages, recovery, and performance tuning. Key Responsibilities Oversee the creation of new database environments and migrations from legacy systems. Manage and maintain database systems, ensuring optimal performance, availability, and security. Troubleshoot SQL Server-related issues, including authentication, backups, triggers, database mail, indexing, and auditing. Promote best practices for data privacy and database security. Oversee SQL Server script, stored procedure, and package development. Participate in Agile meetings and collaborate with various teams to provide DBA support. Plan and implement database migrations and contribute to automation efforts. Qualifications and Skills Degree in Computer Science or a related field. 2-3 years of relevant experience with SQL Server certification preferred. Strong knowledge of T-SQL, SSMS, Windows OS, and database schema management. Experience with RDBMS (MS SQL Server) and on-premises database management. Expertise in data modeling, database design, and performance tuning. Ability to review T-SQL code and work with SQL Server implementations. Experience in database migrations, upgrades, and troubleshooting. Strong understanding of backup and recovery strategies. Knowledge of database security and compliance requirements. Experience with virtual machines in access-controlled environments is a plus. Exceptional communication and problem-solving skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively in a cross-functional team. What We Offer A team of bright, hard-working, and innovative people that will contribute to your growth. Competitive Salary and comprehensive benefits plan. A dynamic and collaborative work environment with opportunity to work with cutting-edge technology and innovative solutions. Other This is a full-time office-based job in Islamabad Pakistan. Closing Mobiz embraces diversity and is committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better we are. We are an equal opportunity employer. We thank all applicants for their interest. We will contact you if you are selected to move forward in the recruiting process.